write a program to check given String is an Anagram or not and return a suitable message.

An anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of another word or phrase, typically using all the original letters exactly once. For example, "listen" and "silent" are anagrams of each other because they use the same letters.

Now, let's discuss how we can determine if two strings are anagrams of each other. Here's a simple explanation:

First, check if both lengths of the String same or not if same you need to write the implementation the program other say directly Not an Anagram.
Compare the two Strings of every character. If they match for every character, the strings are anagrams.

For example, let's take the strings "listen" and "silent":

if you absorb the two String what characters are present in the s1 String same characters are present in the s2 String so. these two are Anagram.
write a program to find Occurance of each character how many times present in given String and display the output.

Example:-

   Input :-  
                  String s = "Hello";
                  
      Output :-  H = 1  -----> H   is present one time in give String.
                      e  = 1 ----->  e  is present one time in given Struing.
                       l = 2  ----->  l  is present 2 times in give String.
                       o = 1 ------>  o    is present one time in give String.
write  a program to Reverse of Given String  in Each word and return the String.
Example :-
  Input :- "java is an oop lang";
  outout:- "avaj si na poo gnal";
write a program to check Given String is Palindrome or not.
Explanation:-
  Reverse the String, After the Reverse Given String check the reversed string and user Given String Both are the same or not.
      based on the result return a  suitable message 
    
Example:-
        Input:-
                        String str = "racecar";
                    After Reverse:-    racecar   
                    compares the user-given String and the  Reversed String both are the same or not.
                   both are the same print Pallindrome otherwise print not a Pallindroome.
         output:-
                     The Given String is Palindrome

HARI PRASANTH A
15:12
write a program to Remove a Particular user entered Character in the Given String.

Example:-

       Input:-   String s = "Hello";
                     char ch = 'l';
      output;-   Heo
write a program to Remove Duplicates characters in Given String..

Example:-
Input:-
     String str = "aabaabbbcccd";
    output:-  abcd;

HARI PRASANTH A
15:14
StringBuilder sb=new StringBuilder();
		//StringBuffer sb=new StringBuffer();
		sb.append("abcd");
				
		
		System.out.println(sb.reverse());
		sb.append("1234hello");
		
		System.out.println(sb);
		sb.delete(3, 6);
		System.out.println(sb);
		sb.insert(2,"student");
		System.out.println(sb);

HARI PRASANTH A
15:38
Write a program to Remove Adjacent Duplicate characters In a Given String. and Return the final string after all such duplicate removals have been made. It can be proven that the answer is unique.

Example 1:

Input: s = "abbacd"
Output: "cd"
Explanation: 
For example, in "abbacd" we could remove "bb" since the letters are adjacent and equal, and this is the only possible move.  The result of this move is that the string is "aacd", of which only "aa" is possible, so the final string is "cd"
.
Example 2:
Input: s = "accddaf"
  step1 :  addaf
  step2 :  aaf
  step3 :  f
Output: "f"
Write a program to print Unique Words in a Given String.

Example:-

Enter a string: "hello world hello java world"
Unique words in the given string:
java

HARI PRASANTH A
15:42
The method accepts a string “str” that contains alphabets and hyphens (-). Implement the logic to move all hyphens(-) in the string to the front of the given string.

NOTE:- Return null if str is null.

Example :-

Input:
str=Move-Hyphens-to-Front
Output:
—MoveHyphenstoFront
Explanation:-

The string “Move-Hyphens -to-front” has 3 hyphens (-), which are moved to the front of the string, this output is “— MoveHyphen”

Sample Input

Str: String-Compare
Sample Output-

-StringCompare

HARI PRASANTH A
15:45
Given a square matrix of order n*n, you have to interchange the elements of both diagonals
Explanation : Idea behind interchanging diagonals of a square matrix is simple. Iterate from 0 to n-1 and for each iteration you have to swap a[i][i] and a[i][n-i-1].
For example:-
Input : matrix[][] = {1, 2, 3,
                              4, 5, 6,
                              7, 8, 9} 
Output : matrix[][] = {3, 2, 1,
                                4, 5, 6,
                                9, 8, 7}

HARI PRASANTH A
16:11
Write a program to determine whether a given 2D matrix is sparse or not. A sparse matrix is one where the majority of its elements are zero. If the count of zero elements is greater than the count of non-zero elements, the matrix is considered sparse. Otherwise, it is not considered sparse.

HARI PRASANTH A
16:12
The theater's seating arrangement is represented by a 2D array where each cell represents a seat. Initially, all seats are marked as available ('O').
The program displays the current seating arrangement to the user. This helps them visualize which seats are available for reservation.The user can then select a seat by entering the row and column numbers. 
The program checks if the selected seat is valid (within the theater boundaries) and available ('O'). If so, the seat is marked as reserved ('X').
After each reservation, the program displays the updated seating arrangement, showing the reserved seats marked as 'X'.
The user can exit the program by entering -1 as the row number, at which point the program stops running.
adf-jbsd-bgw